README.md, before:

# pleiades-gazetteer
This repository provides a home for tickets and other planning documents for [the *Pleiades* gazetteer of ancient places](http://pleiades.stoa.org), a joint project of the [Institute for the Study of the Ancient World](http://isaw.nyu.edu) at New York University, the [Ancient World Mapping Center](http://awmc.unc.edu) at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and [volunteer scholars, students, and enthusiasts](http://pleiades.stoa.org/credits/) around the world.

## Reporting bugs and requesting enhancements
Please feel free to open an issue in [our issue tracker](https://github.com/isawnyu/pleiades-gazetteer/issues) describing your difficulties and/or suggesting new features. Please note that there is a [help and documentation section on the *Pleiades* site](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help). You may also be able to get assistance (depending on availability of team members -- we don't have support staff) on the [*Pleiades* IRC Channel](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/pleiades-irc).

## Pleiades 3
At the beginning of August 2015, the [National Endowment for the Humanities](http://www.neh.gov) announced the award of a $322,615 grant for major upgrades and improvements to the *P​leiades* gazetteer of ancient places. More information about the award is available [on the ISAW News Blog](http://isaw.nyu.edu/news/pleiades-grant-2015). A copy of the proposal narrative has been [posted online in PDF format](http://pleiades.stoa.org/files/pleiades-3-2015/proposal.pdf). Tickets (issues) related to the grant-funded work are kept in the main issue tracker on this repository; [they are labeled "p3"](https://github.com/isawnyu/pleiades-gazetteer/labels/p3). Other documents related to the *Pleiades* 3 effort may be found in [the pleiades3 branch of this repository](https://github.com/isawnyu/pleiades-gazetteer/tree/pleiades3).

## Code
To be added (it's in a bunch of different repositories, and we need to gather up the links here).

## About
*Pleiades* provides open access to the most comprehensive geospatial dataset for antiquity available today. It serves as an indispensable component of at least 40 other important digital humanities projects, ranging from online editions of primary sources for students to expert systems supporting advanced research in fields like archaeology, epigraphy, and numismatics. It also constitutes a core resource for classroom activities focused on ancient geography.

Find out more on the *Pleiades* website: http://pleiades.stoa.org.

*Pleiades* has received significant support from the National Endowment for the Humanities since 2006. Any views, findings, conclusions, or recommendations expressed in this publication do not necessarily reflect those of the National Endowment for the Humanities.

Commit message:

added a 'what's here' section and a bullet therein with a link to the deliverables folder

README.md, after:

# pleiades-gazetteer
This repository provides a home for tickets and other planning documents for [the *Pleiades* gazetteer of ancient places](http://pleiades.stoa.org), a joint project of the [Institute for the Study of the Ancient World](http://isaw.nyu.edu) at New York University, the [Ancient World Mapping Center](http://awmc.unc.edu) at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and [volunteer scholars, students, and enthusiasts](http://pleiades.stoa.org/credits/) around the world.

## Reporting bugs and requesting enhancements
Please feel free to open an issue in [our issue tracker](https://github.com/isawnyu/pleiades-gazetteer/issues) describing your difficulties and/or suggesting new features. Please note that there is a [help and documentation section on the *Pleiades* site](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help). You may also be able to get assistance (depending on availability of team members -- we don't have support staff) on the [*Pleiades* IRC Channel](http://pleiades.stoa.org/help/pleiades-irc).

## Pleiades 3
At the beginning of August 2015, the [National Endowment for the Humanities](http://www.neh.gov) announced the award of a $322,615 grant for major upgrades and improvements to the *P​leiades* gazetteer of ancient places. More information about the award is available [on the ISAW News Blog](http://isaw.nyu.edu/news/pleiades-grant-2015). A copy of the proposal narrative has been [posted online in PDF format](http://pleiades.stoa.org/files/pleiades-3-2015/proposal.pdf). Tickets (issues) related to the grant-funded work are kept in the main issue tracker on this repository; [they are labeled "p3"](https://github.com/isawnyu/pleiades-gazetteer/labels/p3). Other documents related to the *Pleiades* 3 effort may be found in [the pleiades3 branch of this repository](https://github.com/isawnyu/pleiades-gazetteer/tree/pleiades3).

### What's here:

 * [Deliverables](https://github.com/isawnyu/pleiades-gazetteer/tree/pleiades3/deliverables): text extracted from the Pleiades 3 proposal that corresponds to major items of work or function to be carried out or implemented during the period of performance.

## Code
To be added (it's in a bunch of different repositories, and we need to gather up the links here).

## About
*Pleiades* provides open access to the most comprehensive geospatial dataset for antiquity available today. It serves as an indispensable component of at least 40 other important digital humanities projects, ranging from online editions of primary sources for students to expert systems supporting advanced research in fields like archaeology, epigraphy, and numismatics. It also constitutes a core resource for classroom activities focused on ancient geography.

Find out more on the *Pleiades* website: http://pleiades.stoa.org.

*Pleiades* has received significant support from the National Endowment for the Humanities since 2006. Any views, findings, conclusions, or recommendations expressed in this publication do not necessarily reflect those of the National Endowment for the Humanities.
