# preservation strategy 

From the [the Pleiades 3 proposal](http://pleiades.stoa.org/files/pleiades-3-2015/proposal.pdf) data management plan, page D2:

> In addition, we will implement a preservation strategy for Pleiades’ geographic content by putting processes and agreements in place to effect the regular alienation and backup of the comprehensive Pleiades export in CSV format in multiple external hands. These provisions will ensure long-term access even in the event of a catastrophic event involving our datacenter, the demise of the project, or changed priorities on the part of New York University. The Ancient World Mapping Center at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill already copies the Pleiades CSV export to its own servers daily, and will continue to do so during and after the period of performance. The Perseus Digital Library at Tufts University has pledged to download and maintain copies in a similar manner, alongside its backups of its own data, beginning in September 2015.4 ISAW’s digital programs team will continue to make quarterly deposits of the latest version of this file to NYU’s Faculty Digital Archive (http://archive.nyu.edu), a formal, institutional archive operated by the NYU Library system that provides automated bit fixity testing and repair, geographically separated replication, and the assignment and maintenance of persistent identifiers for deposits. FDA deposits will be made with the addition of Dublin Core metadata conforming to NYU specifications.5 We will make parallel deposits of the CSV export and of all our software releases to the Zenodo.org research output repository, which is funded by the European Union and managed by CERN. Zenodo.org will preserve and assign a Digital Object Identifier (DOI) to each. The Managing Editors are actively cultivating additional, complementary partnerships, likely to include both informal holding of copies and formal archival deposit.

From the Pleiades 3 proposal narrative, page 10:

> The final product will be disseminated in three ways: live data at pleiades.stoa.org, **quarterly archival deposits** of all geographic data in standard formats as described in the Data Management Plan, and regular releases of all software components via the ISAW Github group, with copies of each release automatically deposited in the EU-funded Zenodo.org digital repository. All Pleiades data, both live on the site and in archival deposit, is governed by a Creative Commons Attribution license; all Pleiades software is open-source, governed either by GNU Public License or BSD License.
